Doc: Updating vtex-io-documentation-3-creating-the-new-app.md (#934)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Getting-Started/vtex-io-documentation-1-developing-storefront-apps-using-react-and-vtex-io/vtex-io-documentation-3-creating-the-new-app.md

  }
  ```

5. If you want to import any React components previously developed for your new app, update the `dependencies` list with the name and version of the app that runs the desired component. For example:

  ```diff
  "dependencies": {
  +  "vtex.styleguide": "9.x"
  }
  ```

This will allow you to later import the app component added in `dependencies` into your code via the `import {componentName} from '{dependency}'` structure.

### Step 3 - Linking your app

To upload all the changes you made in your local files, you must link your app to the current development workspace by running the following command: 

  ```sh
  vtex link
  ```

If the process runs without any errors, the following message will be displayed: `App linked successfully`.

> Run the `vtex browse` command to open a browser window having your linked store in it, or use https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com, where workspace is the development workspace in use and account is the name of your VTEX account, to check your local version of the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check and review your local app code, run the `vtex browse` command to open a browser window for your current workspace. Alternatively, access `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com`, replacing `workspace` with the development workspace in use and `account` with the name of your VTEX account.
```

> >⚠️ When linking the app, the `yarn` command is run in the builder directories (Node and React ones), but it is not run in the root folder, as it is not required for the project to run. However, running it in the root folder can enable certain features, such as linter and prettier checks, when committing the project.
> 
> >ℹ️ The `npm install`command or just `npm` are equivalent to run `yarn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ℹ️ When linking an app to a development workspace, the `yarn install` command is automatically executed in the builder directories (e.g., `node` and `react` directories). Nevertheless, for an enhanced development experience, consider manually running `yarn install` in the root folder of your project to activate additional features, such as linter and prettier checks.
```

Reviewer: Aqui a ideia é o seguinte: quando você roda o `vtex link`, o comando `yarn install` roda automaticamente nas pastas dos builders, instalando todos os pacotes e dependências necessários e especificados nos respectivos arquivos `package.json`. 

Mas, se a pessoa quiser habilitar funcionalidade de prettier e linter para melhorar o desenvolvimento dela, ela pode rodar `yarn install` na raiz do projeto para habilitar essa funcionalidades.

p.s.: nesse caso faz sentido o uso de callout porque é, de fato, uma info adicional
